This is what you get from the refrigerator garden project you participated in.
I didn't give you the commission before.
I want to leave it to you for urgent use and practical use.
Plus your salary for the past few months
There are 100,000
Here you go.
Thanks.
Why are you gone?
Jiangcheng is so big
Where will he go?
Hello big brother
If Luo Yuan goes to the company today
You must keep him.
What's up?
Detective Lin sent a message last night
It turns out that Luo Yuan is our biological sister
What? He just left me.
I'll send someone to stop him right now
You hurry up and notify the other brothers
Let them find it together.
Little sister made a mistake
The real daughter is Luo Yuan
I'm not talking nonsense.
It was Xia Wanzhen and Luo Yuan's blood sample that was wrong
You are indeed a talented painter
Your painting is exactly the same as my little sister's
If you don't believe me, read the appraisal report for yourself
We blamed you before.
Fortunately, you finally sent the sample for testing
Report it, the little sister is downstairs in the resettlement community in Vietnam
Let's go, everyone
Meet in 10 minutes